Copied current v0.16 docs into `next` directory (#175)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/next/09_resources/01_release-notes.md

- BugFix: Tighten restriction for `apache-airflow` in requirements.txt to allow users to install other packages with that prefix ([commit](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/commit/c2536db))
- BugFix: Broken PapermillOperator ([commit](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-airflow-version-check/commit/811cc75) - 1.10.10 only).

To be notified of AC releases, feel free to [subscribe to our AC Newsletter](/downloads/). For information on how to upgrade Astronomer Certified versions, refer to our ["Manage Airflow Versions" doc](/docs/enterprise/stable/customize-airflow/manage-airflow-versions/).

#### Airflow Chart: Improved Upgrade Process

Historically, upgrades to Astronomer (major, minor or patch) that have included a change to the Airflow Chart forcibly restart all Airflow Deployments running on the platform at the time of the upgrade, often causing task interruption.

This change allows for Airflow Deployments to remain unaffected through the upgrade and for Airflow Chart changes to take effect _only_ when another restart event is triggered by a user (e.g. a code push, Environment Variable change, resource or executor adjustment, etc).

> More specifically, this changes the behavior of our API's `updateDeployment` mutation to perform the Airflow Helm Chart version upgrade only if/when a Houston config is updated. [Source Code here](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/blob/9cd8da9a4382bc89d7b8c07f5585ad1daa64a250/enterprise/v0.16/reference/update-deployment-index.js#L86).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More specifically, this changes the behavior of our API's `updateDeployment` mutation to perform the Airflow Helm Chart version upgrade only if/when a Houston config is updated. [Source Code here](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/blob/9cd8da9a4382bc89d7b8c07f5585ad1daa64a250/enterprise/next/reference/update-deployment-index.js#L86).
```
